this is first 8 issues of series. is starting point of all this... also contains sound of her wings. issue #8. which is first appearance of death. many peoples favorite issue. its not best of collected works. but its start of them.
This book, like most tpb's Vertigo line was sheer work of art. One of my favorite writers (Gaiman) weaved yet another fantastic tale. On fantasy horror aspects of this book I reccomend to anyone who wants to be wowed.
Neil Gaiman, has taken simple idea turned into best commic book series ever. opens ones mind to facets thoughts one could only dream about.(did not mean to make pun) I can only say this you buy this book won't stop here you will be pulled into Sandman's Relm unable to escape until you have read all books few times. Enjoy!!!!
Sandman is, my opinion best whole comic series that ever existed. Certain mini series may have been better than Sandman stories along way, but at ongoing, year spanning series goes, Sandman is very best that every happened. This book, beginning of Sandman comic is not best Sandman story, but still deserves highest rating I can give . Dream's ( Sandman) battle with John Dee this story is most amazing fight I've ever seen comic, especially because strays from physical combat as much as possible. even that scene which I rave about is not best that this book has to offer. Go ahead, I dare you... read !
I always hated comic books -- there was nothing to them. Gaiman changed my opinion. synthesis of art word works to create intense, ever-changing world of Endless, not quite gods, not quite mortals, but something more necessary altogether. This is beginning , some ways, weakest of series, yet is brilliant (can I give 6 stars to some of others???). This is not &quot;comic book&quot;; this is literature disguise. Anyone interested mythology, folklore, pyschology, religion, Seven D's should read these books -- often!
This is great graphic novel as graphic novels go, but you should know that Sandman series gets far better after this book. You have to read this to begin though, because Sandman series is essentually one gigantic novel (2000 pages), this is beginning of that novel. Still, story is great won't let you down.
's hard to review just one book of series 'cause they are part of larger story. Gaiman uses fables myths converts them to modern story which at same time feels like ancient fary tale. you have chance watch Neverwhere, 's BBC series about world below modern Londen.
